
Many thanks to the following artists for sending their artwork to Linux Mint and/or for distributing it under Free licenses.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Prefix        | Artist                         | Link                                     | License
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
aaronphs      | Aaron Thomas                   | https://unsplash.com/@aaronphs           | Unsplash License
bfantinatti   | Bruno Fantinatti               | https://500px.com/bfantinatti            | All rights reserved
emcomeau      | Ezra Comeau-Jeffrey            | https://unsplash.com/@emcomeau           | Unsplash License
evablue       | Eva Blue                       | http://evablue.com                       | Unsplash License
jankaluza     | Jan Kaluza                     | http://jankaluza.com                     | CC-BY-NC-ND
jfvalois      | Jonathan Ferland-Valois        | https://www.instagram.com/jfvtraining/   | All rights reserved
jkosinska     | Joanna Kosinska                | http://joannakosinska.com                | Unsplash License
jowens        | Jakob Owens                    | http://www.directorjakobowens.com        | Unsplash License
jplenio       | Johannes Plenio                | https://500px.com/jopl                   | Unsplash License
jspires       | Josh Spires                    | https://dronenr.com                      | Unsplash License
monika        | https://uhdwallpapers.org/wallpaper/pure-green-grass_65789/               | CC0
msager        | Micha Sager                    | https://unsplash.com/@michasager         | Unsplash License
oskarssylwan  | Oskars Sylwan                  | https://www.instagram.com/oskarssylwan   | Unsplash License
proskurovskiy | Vladimir Proskurovskiy         | https://videohive.net/user/proskurovskiy | Unsplash License
rsmith        | Rachael Smith                  | https://www.ourbeautifuladventure.co.uk  | Unsplash License
sezgin        | Sezgin Mendil                  | https://500px.com/sezginmendil           | All rights reserved
tomvining     | Tom Vining                     | https://www.instagram.com/mrvining       | Unsplash License
whmii         | Will H McMahan                 | https://mcmahan.me                       | Unsplash License
withluke      | Luke Stackpoole                | https://www.withluke.com                 | Unsplash License
wjusten       | Willian Justen de Vasconcellos | https://www.instagram.com/will_justen    | Unsplash License
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
